Here, let me give you some medicine.
No need, I'm a little hurt
It'll be ready soon.
What should I do if I have a scar on such a beautiful face?
come
If you don't pay attention in the future, I will implement it
Cuihua
What do you mean you look so good?
Like a flower
Shut up, stop talking
Is it disgusting?
Doctor Chong, don't be embarrassed
You look better than me
It looks like the flowers of the motherland
It's a compliment
If you understand this sentence, you need to start packing people up.
Look at you.
Please tolerate it on my beautiful Pu'er Mountain.
Why are there still men?
Oh, dear.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I was wrong, I shouldn't have said you.
I shouldn't have teased you.
Oops
You say 1,000 words now
Where did you say the reflection review?
Then I shouldn't have called you I shouldn't have said that
We